

My name is Ravi, I was born and raised in Vishakapatnam which is known as
City of Destiny . I am a B.TECH Graduate in Electrical and Electronics engineering, 
from Raghu Engineering College ,Vishakapatnam with a CGPA of  7.3 in 2020

I have done my Intermediate from Government Polytechnic, Chipurupalli  with 75% marks.

Talking about my family, my family consists of four members including me 
and my elder sister. My father is a farmer and my mother is a housewife.

My hobbies include photography and playing cricket and farming with my father. 
I played at cluster level at school and university level at college.

Coming to my strengths and weaknesses, my strengths are. I am a good learner, 
I have a positive attitude, and committed to my work. 

My weakness is procrastination but i am trying to over come it 
by following a timetable.

My Short term goal is to get a job in a reputed company like yours where 
I can grow both profesionally and personally.

My Long term goal is to become a more responsible and knowledgeable personality 
and obtain a higher position in my company.
 
My philosophy about life is that "Life is all about grabbing the opportunity". 

That's all about myself, Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to
 introduce myself.




During the covid lockdown as a family who are dependent on the agricluture we sufferred a bit to meet the ends for few months as we could not go to fields or
harvest the crops which we grewed. 



My Project deals with digital speed control of BLDC motor drives which is cost effective and easy to implement.

We used sliding mode control method to controll the speed of the motor we implemented this in a closed loop speed control instead of
open loop to attain constant speed which can not be attained using open loop

This method can be implemented in commercial equipments like heavy duty refrigirators,air conditioners and electric motor vehicles which cost efficiency
in both building phase compared to Brushed DC motors and implementation phase through energy savings



During the testing phase we tried to implement the motor drive in open loop and this caused the motor to run at uneven speeds 
instead of constant speed whcih we expected. This over speed caused an unbearable load on motor which resulted in short circuit.
Due to this we had to build back the entire module from the scracth and make it working with in a week
   

  